before we begin let me start by saying
this is a story about a man who kisses a
woman while she's sleeping and she
doesn't know it
and that's a good thing the stars of our
movie today
are angelina jolie
winnie mary and sarah another blonde
princess who never does
anything wrong which got my blackhead
mama looking at this movie like this
and prince philip
may he rip play
our story begins with oh it's another
book
and it's quite bedazzled which explains
the situation which we all
know to be true books and movies are the
only place where folks get happy endings
it says something like this off yonder
full score and infinity years ago
this king and queen was bumping uncles
for a long time trying to bring forth
some offspring
and finally one day the king got lucky
and so did the queen
they had a child of the female
persuasion and called her areola
or oreo or something then they had a big
damn potty to present the child so all
the peasants can
bow down [ __ ] and here comes prince
philip who sees the baby chick to which
he is betrothed
and he just look at her like she smell
like she's still duty in her diaper
and that's when the three wise men roll
up with their best swag
alvin makes her a looker because it's
not enough to be rich and promised to a
prince
and then we ushered falls into a alfred
hitchcock nightmare
then theodore gives us some pipes so she
can sing a little ditty from time to
time because it's not enough to be
beautiful and rich
and promised to a prince and another
hitchcock scene
well you know there's always gotta be
that one with scar syndrome jealous of a
little child because you're mean
always getting dissed so she's like just
to prove i ain't mad
i'mma give her a little gift of my own
distance 16
by spinning wheel
[Laughter]
[Music]
then simon is too damn weak to undo the
evil deed so she sends a spiraling into
vertigo and says
you won't die when you get pricked
you'll just go into a coma
and you gotta wait for some prince to
come along and kiss you and ignore your
morning breath
then bubbles blossom and buttercup
conspire to save the princess from the
evil spell
throwing around ideas of turning aurora
into a flower
but then they realize malevolent might
cause some cold weather to ice daddy
and let's face it aurora ain't no elsa
then they decide to turn themselves into
dorthy blanchard rose to keep the baby
safe from the evil deeds of sophia
meanwhile maleficent up in mount doom
salty as ever because
all these years her little label minions
ain't been able to find the cursed child
as it turns out it's because those dumb
bets been looking for a baby
but she's spent 16 years in the witness
protection program where she's been
renamed
briar rose that ain't even a real name
then larry moe and curly try to turn
domestic and
distinct then she goes wandering off
alone and then she starts singing
and the little bird joins her in a duet
until the bird pops and briarwood oleo
eats her eggs
damn fiona always pissed me off doing
that shh and while all the little forest
creatures are worshiping the fair maiden
off yonder is the prince in his noble
steed
then there's a few minutes of this
and then she keeps saying and then she
keeps saying it and then tells
all the little animals about her dirty
dreams this movie is disgusting
and gross and this is the part where i
realize how much of every disney movie
is devoted to a bunch of tiny animals
doing what they ought not be doing
and then she starts singing and then she
keeps singing
and then he starts singing and then he
stops to say
you're sure a pretty little lady but
you're closer they went in an enter your
life
and they kept saying it then she's
thought that hard to get
and huey dewey and louie is still making
a mess of the homestead
so they like why are we trying to do all
this by hand when we're magic bits
and they don't stink but all the magic
farts out the top of the cabin
and the dirty bird finds it and then
finds them
and he drops all up in that kool-aid and
rosebud is like
i'm in love and they're like no your
promise to a man you don't love because
your ass is royal
and when you're royal you don't get to
make your own decisions ain't you been
watching harry's interviews
then the king starts singing and then
they keep singing
and here comes the big plot twist
prepare yourself now
the man the princess fell in love with
is prince philip
i know but now this fool thinks he can't
marry the princess because he's in love
with some shoeless forest dwelling scrub
now the whole damn kingdom doesn't turn
topsy-turvy and the princess gets her
crown
and starts crying poor little rich girl
life full of first world problems
until the princess of darkness shows up
and now look at you
don't turn the color of a rigor mode
that's toad and did you know that when
women meet me
this is exactly what happened today
close way to go kirk spock and bones
you had one job and maleficent moves
into a deadly spinning wheel
and now the old bits are sad so they
minify themselves and sneak around
putting the whole damn kingdom to sleep
until they can figure out what the hell
to do
then one of the kings mumbled something
about how prince philip is in love with
a commoner
so the prince goes looking for the booty
but in his needy quest to find the woman
he loves
his royal rump gets captured by the big
green horny one
so beyonce kelly and michelle go
charlie's angels fronting
and maleficent just sit there like damn
i'm good
and for reasons unclear to most logical
people
the evil one gives a boring bad gal
monologue
i put that bit down blah blah blah blah
and i'm gonna keep you locked up until
your balls are at your ankles
blah blah and now i'm just working 11
because i'm a pimp like that
[Laughter]
but then the little magic muffins help
the prince escape and give him some good
fighting duds
which he uses to escape the minions and
maleficent's dirty bird
i mean if there's a bird that always
sits on your car right after you wash it
it's him then there's a long chase
skip and he gets stuck in the briars
which is probably symbolic of how he's
going to be stuck forever in misery once
he marries that briar rose lady
and he keeps battling with the help of
phoebe piper and prue
so maleficent turns smog and burps up
some green stuff
and she thinks it's all fun and games
until as yet
now she's just a sad little memory a
little oil stain on the road to
happiness
and then he gets a big smooch and a
color comes back and she ain't got no
eye buckles or nothing
because she elegant ass then they return
to the kingdom
get married and dance and sing hello
get away what you are the one
honey and then they drive off in grease
lightning and singing
like rama llama ka dinga da ding-dong
hit it jab the end
special thank you to these lovely
muffins who always stand by this channel
star kitten dissie chris oh brian g
dan w davis c whiskey neda j
john k cheetah gal maria t
college
[Applause]
fat cat sylvia kelly s kimberly b
bethany c karl s david m
christine k carey j elena s
owen i am melanie m p t f
j allison l ultimate anonymous b.h
kelly l and mary in colorado for
movies explained four i'm jeb
dial when you're down always remember
these two
pieces of wisdom someday you too will
find someone who can ignore your morning
breath
and hit it layer shoe bob shawarma water
yep
you think i am jeb elephants gerald